1) UNREAL FIGHT AT 3 AM
2) GLEB'S BASH AND TEAPOT(KETTLE)
3) STASYAN AND A SNOWBALL INTO THE WINDOW (VAHTERSHE NE PONRAVILOS) 
4) ENGLISH VIDEO ABOUT MIPT AND PAIN
5) HOOK AT 3 AM AND KOMMENDA 
6) SOS TO TURN OFF THE LIGHT
7) PROVOCATION FROM 211 REF TO 6th blog


2) There was a beatuful sunny day in the end of November. It was so warm outside. Gleb tried to recover his work life balance and set an alarm to 6 AM.
I was sleeping till 10 AM and was dreaming about how not to go to the university, but Gleb decided to interrupt my sweet dreams.
He started to do excercises in the middle of the room and remembered our yesterday's speech about BASH.
Gleb didn't understand properly what bash mean and tried to hit me using his 'rotten' leg while I was lying on my side and scrolling Discord messages.
Rotten Gleb grabbed onto the crossbars of our 2-floored bed and swung his foot in my face. It was pretty close to reach my beautiful rotten face, but everything went well.
After a few moments we realised that something disappered from our bedside table. A teapot was absolutely gone and something was dripping on the floor from the Stasyan's bed. 
It was a sacred teapot where Stanislav was holding his boiled water. Unfortunately, after this couple of minutes all the boiled water was on his bed and every part was soaked.
Stanislav was really angry about this situation and tried to fight Gleb but they decided to forget about all of this stuff.

3) GLEB WITH SNOW IS A NIGHTMARE
One day I offered to go to a store to buy something to eat because the fridge was absoulutely empty.
All of my friends accepted my offer except of Stanislav. He wasn't in good mood and didn't want to come,
but he made an offer to us to buy him a cheesecake. There was a lot of snow outside and on the back way we decided to 
throw a snowball to Stas through the opened window in our room. First of all, we needed to train our throws and tried to throw it on the roof of 2-floored house.
During that train Gleb was absolutely soaked. It was because he spilt all the water he bought after his last jump. It was a nightmare, because his passport was soaked too.
When we came to dormitory we started to throw snowballs into our window and Stanislav wasn't satisfied with it and started to throw a response. Finally, commendant came and tried
to argue with us but we went to our room and she didn't recognise us on street because it was dark there.
